[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and I have a
very special friend and guest
for you tonight,
Linda Moulton Howe.
She, of course, appears
regularly on "Coast to Coast."
She is an award-winning
documentary producer.
And she, of course, has won
the Emmy awards for her work.
She also hosts the Gaia
show "Truth Hunter," which
deals with many of
the topics that we've
dealt with over the years.
Tonight we're going to
talk about something
very different, a universe
that may not be real.
Maybe it's computer-simulated.
Linda, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>LINDA MOULTON
HOWE: Thanks, George.
It's really fun to be
with you on this show.
And I remember the very first
time that I saw a headline,
and it was a
newspaper that said,
are we living in a
computer-simulated universe?
And it was just,
halt. And I have
wanted to get to the bottom
of that for a long time.
>>NOORY: What a subject.
>>HOWE: Well, it is, because
it was only a year ago,
and it was in April of
2016 that at the American
Museum of Natural
History in New York
there came together
Neil deGrasse
Tyson, an astrophysicist, a
mathematician, a philosopher,
and they had the most
packed crowd they have ever
had in the museum.
And the question that
they were debating,
are we living in a
computer-simulated universe?
>>NOORY: Which is just
bizarre, isn't it?
>>HOWE: Well, wait
till you hear some
of the things that come out.
So during that discussion,
there is a professor, Jim Gates,
from the University of Maryland.
And he studies supersymmetry.
This is dealing with
subatomic particles.
Now we're going into atoms,
we're going to quarks, leptons.
And he presented evidence
that has puzzled him
and everybody else.
Why is it that when he is
studying quarks, leptons down
in the subatomic world that
they are finding what are
called error code corrections?
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>HOWE: That in this world,
when we work on a computer
and we need a browser, it is
the transmission of information
through browsers to computers.
We have to have the same
error code correction.
Or you might say, he's
finding in the study
of the subatomic world in
the universe error codes
that are like what we are
using in computers on Earth.
That starts the discussion.
Two months later, Las Vegas.
It's the big Recode
computer conference.
Elon Musk is their star.
>>NOORY: Huge.
Yeah.
>>HOWE: He gets asked on
the stage in Las Vegas,
are we living in a
simulated universe?
And he says-- and it's been all
over the world, this quote--
the odds are billions
to one that we
are in what is called a
base universe, meaning
natural evolution.
And what he means
is he, Elon Musk,
who is the owner and the guy who
keeps SpaceX and Tesla going--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>HOWE: He's convinced this
is a simulated universe.
OK.
Now that was last year.
Let's jump to last month.
February 2017, a paper comes out
in "Physical Review Letters."
It's a very prestigious journal.
And we are living in a
holographic universe.
And the scientists,
there is a whole group,
and their reputations
are on the line.
And they have, right in the
report, substantial evidence.
You don't hear scientists--
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>HOWE: OK.
Now let's come to the question,
what is a holographic universe?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>HOWE: You've been
probably to Disney,
and you've probably been
in the haunted house,
and you've probably seen--
it can be faces, it
can be people dancing.
Those are holograms.
And the way it's done,
you take a laser,
and you do actually
a reference laser.
And then you take another
laser, and you photograph you
with a laser from two or three
different points of view,
and you end up with an
interference pattern that
can be fed into a
computer, and it
will project out perfect
replica of you using light.
>>NOORY: Right.
Even though I'm really
not there, or am I?
>>HOWE: No.
You've been photographed.
But here is the key.
This is the key to everything
that we'll discuss.
The projector cannot be in the
same room with the holograms.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>HOWE: Mathematically,
it does not work.
So now think about this.
When you're at Disney and
you're seeing the holograms that
are out in front of you,
it's being projected
by something you do not see.
So the magic is, here is
this world that takes place
in front of you like magic.
>>NOORY: Like magic.
>>HOWE: And the truth is, if
you say Disney is the cosmos,
there is a projector.
And that projector is working
with lasers and lights,
but it is projecting a world
that to our minds looks real.
Even if it glows,
you get the sense
that you are watching
something that
is almost like a reflection
of something on the Earth.
>>NOORY: Who created that?
>>HOWE: Well, now we get
into this whole issue of,
if the projector has to be
in another dimension, which
dimension?
Who runs that dimension?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>HOWE: Now one of the
most fascinating interviews
I've ever, ever done was
in 2007 with Jerry Wills.
He's down in Phoenix.
He takes trips to Peru.
He's married to a woman, Kathy.
They got married back
in 1998 in the fall.
And one of the things
that he most wanted to do,
and he wanted his new
bride to be with him,
he wanted to go down to a
place called around Aramu Muru,
A-R-A-M-U M-U-R-U. And that's
where the Aymara Indians live.
It's in the southwestern
part of Lake Titicaca.
Here's Peru.
Here's the Bolivian border.
They share this border
almost right where this is.
What is Aramu Muru?
It is a solid red,
beautiful rock.
Gorgeous.
And carved in it,
think of a rectangle
that goes 23 feet up here, 23.
Then when you come down to the
ground, here is another door,
goes into the rock deeper.
It's about seven feet.
A 6 foot 9 inch man, bowing his
head a little, can go in there.
But there is no entrance.
It's just carved into
this red rock, surrounded
by this 23-foot rectangle.
And is the Aymara Indians for
centuries, they have said--
>>NOORY: They made this?
>>HOWE: No, no, no.
The Indians have said,
this was made by gods
to be a two-dimensional,
two going and coming doorway
to where the gods live.
Jerry had studied,
and he had a guy
named Pedro, one of
the Aymara Indians
who said on this
trip with his bride
as a celebration, that he
would take Jerry and teach him
how to get down on his
knees, put his forehead
in this little kind of like a--
I've seen a picture.
It just looks like the rock
goes in like this, like a ledge.
Puts the forehead in
there, and a shaman
taught him a sound
frequency said with symbols.
Jerry has shared it with
me, and has asked me never,
ever to repeat it.
And that if Jerry
got his forehead
and did this chanting of this
frequency just correctly,
he would literally
disappear and would
go to another dimension, the
dimension of where the gods
live, and hopefully come back.
>>NOORY: I was going to ask.
Can you come back?
>>HOWE: So his wife
is 100 feet away.
She is watching
the entire scene.
Jerry gets down on his
knees, he leans forward
with his forehead, he
puts it in the rock.
Many, many times, he
says this frequency.
And then she sees him disappear.
Literally disappears.
And we have, I think, what
happens next with Jerry,
we can at least share his words.
He goes to a white place.
It's like a laboratory.
It has a hard floor.
And a voice comes
in, a male voice--
>>NOORY: Is he scared
when this is happening?
>>HOWE: He's completely-- he
has no idea what's happened.
He was there at the rock,
and then it's all white,
but his feet are on something
here compared to Lexan.
He tried to jump on it.
And then this male voice comes
and starts talking to him.
And this is where
we have an excerpt.
>>NOORY: Well, let's listen.
>>JERRY WILLS: He said that I
was on another world, that it
was outside of my universe.
So I wanted to understand
how that's possible.
And he says, well, there
are many universes,
and you've just passed
from yours into ours.
All right.
So where is this universe?
He said, it wouldn't do
me any good to even try
to explain it to you.
I asked him how
I'd gotten there.
Well, apparently,
whoever they are
had been very curious about
the nature of the universe.
They tried to recreate
a model of the universe.
So he was talking about how
they were colliding particles,
and somehow a
spark had occurred,
and the spark didn't go away.
Instead, it started growing.
And as it grew, it started
accumulating and creating
more of itself on its own.
It was quite large, and they
had created another universe.
They weren't planning
on doing this.
And it had evolved, and
it evolved quite rapidly.
And I said, well,
I don't understand
this, because we think
the universe is billions
and billions of years old.
He says, well, where you
are, you measure time
much differently.
Time is different
in every universe.
And when he was
telling me about this,
they were really
very afraid that it
was going to continue
growing, and it would just
overwhelm them, and then
what would happen to them?
And what they had discovered
is that they were inside
of someone else's universe, just
like we were inside of theirs.
It's just layers and layers.
There's very little that
separates one from the other.
And they had learned that
life had started to populate
throughout that universe.
>>INTERVIEWER: They had made?
>>WILLS: Yeah.
They were fascinated by this.
Curious as can be how
this was possible.
And this doorway that
I had gone through
was something that
they had put in place.
They had these doorways
throughout our universe
in various places.
They had been sending scientists
in there to study the universe,
because this was a whole
new realm of science
for them to explore.
And when they started
discovering life in there,
well, they were pretty shocked.
Apparently, I'm not
the only person that'd
ever come through that doorway.
And apparently,
these doorways go
to other places on this planet,
as well as to other planets.
The only thing that I can figure
is that moving from one point
to another was outside
the dynamic of time
altogether, that these doorways
are instantaneous passageways
to other places.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
>>HOWE: Well, and
that last statement.
Doorways that could
be instantaneous
to other dimensions
placed around this planet.
Remember Lieutenant
Philip J. Corso.
In his book, "The
Day after Roswell,"
and he goes into really saying
that the government has known
about extraterrestrial
biological entities for a very
long time, collected technology
that we have back engineered,
and has a part in
that book where
he lists nine
places on the Earth
that our government understands.
>>NOORY: Key points.
>>HOWE: That there
are what are called
natural collapses of the
electromagnetic field,
and that where any
electromagnetic fields do
collapse, have a weakness,
things can come in that move
magnetically in the universe.
And in fact, that we are
dealing with intelligences
that know how to provoke the
collapse of magnetic fields.
And then if you can go
to the speed of light,
let's just say that we're
dealing with intelligences that
can go at the speed of light.
>>NOORY: And one day we will.
>>HOWE: Well, they
can go point to point.
And if Goode is
right at Harvard--
he's been speculating this
for a couple of decades,
that we're not just a universe
with a trillion galaxies,
and that this is it.
That there could be
an infinite number
of galaxies, an infinite
number of universes,
an infinite number
of dimensions.
And that part where
the voice is telling
Jerry that they discovered--
whoever the they is--
that their universe has another
dimension that is encompassing
it, or another universe, and
they're encompassing this one,
and we could be
encompassing another.
All of a sudden,
you have this idea
of those Russian dolls that
are all embedded in each other,
that this cosmos could
be universes inside
of each other going on and on.
And suddenly, the
whole issue of why
is it that some people
have seen blazing
white crosses in their life that
have saved them, or somebody
is falling off of
a cliff and they
say it felt like Jell-O
came and lifted them up,
there have been the
miracles of this planet.
>>NOORY: I've had calls
on "Coast to Coast,"
Linda, where people are
ready to crash to a vehicle,
and they go right through it.
>>HOWE: Yes.
Or over.
>>NOORY: Or over it.
>>HOWE: And abductees.
I've heard that so many times.
And I have an illustration
in my third book, "Glimpses
of Other Realities,
Volume 2," where
a mother and daughter, and
the daughter is the abductee,
and they are traveling on--
she had already had
interactions since she
was a teenager with
all kinds of ETs.
And they apparently
were trying to help her.
They were trying to
help her survive.
And so it would have
been counterproductive
to the non-humans
and their effort
to keep her alive
from disease if she
would die in a car crash.
That's the way she analyzed it.
So she and her
mother are coming,
and they're entering
the intersection,
and they both see a car coming
at them at the same time.
>>NOORY: They're done, right?
They're supposed to be done.
>>HOWE: And she said, it was
as if their car rose vertically
up and went over the car
that should have hit them,
came down on the other side.
And both the mother and daughter
knew that something real
had happened.
It had saved their lives.
But how many humans
go to other humans
and tell stories like that?
Because humans are so afraid
of ridicule from other humans.
>>NOORY: And what about the
car that almost hit them?
What were they thinking?
[LAUGHTER]
>>HOWE: Did they-- were
they even conscious,
or did they get a
blast of white light?
Well, this now leads
to new work that
is being done by
a physicist named
Thomas Campbell and some people
at-- literally at Caltech.
It was in February.
I spent an entire day with
a mathematician at Caltech
and a friend of
Professor Campbell's.
And we were talking about
all of this whole issue,
are we living in a
simulated universe?
Because this mathematician
that I talked to, they're are
actually now trying
to come up with,
what are tests that
human scientists
can do right now or through
the rest of this year and maybe
next?
They have to get collaboration
from other large labs
internationally to do some of
the things they want to do.
But they are now--
there's so many people that are
intent on trying to test this,
because whether it is
a holographic universe,
and a hologram is
the projector that
is projecting
light and creating,
Thomas Campbell thinks that we
don't even need the holography.
That we could have
another dimension that
is projecting zeros and ones--
literally, zeros and ones, which
would be minuses and pluses,
that are programmed,
that are already
programmed from
another dimension.
>>NOORY: What who's
programming this?
>>HOWE: OK.
I asked Professor Campbell.
I said, OK.
Is the projector in
another dimension God?
>>NOORY: Good question.
>>HOWE: And he
said, well, if we're
in a cosmos that has an
infinite number of universes,
which dimension would
be a top dimension?
Where do you get
to a point if there
are all of these Russian dolls
of universes and dimensions,
would there be any
one that would be top?
And this is where you then
get to this discussion.
I myself have always thought
there's a divine field that
is not matter at all.
It's an energy and a frequency.
>>NOORY: There's obviously
something out there.
>>HOWE: It produces all the
matter worlds that have all
of the dimensions, which if
you take a chord of music--
this helps me think about this.
And let's say that you
go middle C, E, and G.
>>NOORY: Hum it for us, Linda.
≫>HOWE: I can't
do a chord for you.
Maybe you can.
>>NOORY: Maybe I can.
I sing.
>>HOWE: But if we were in middle
C and Jerry's universe is E,
and there's another
universe dimension that's
F, unless you could produce
the exact frequency of the E
and the G dimensions
or universes,
you're never even going
to be able to detect.
You will not know anything.
And they could be that close
as frequencies of music.
This is getting close to
what I think the reality is
and what the
physicists talk about.
>>NOORY: Did you
ever think you would
be thinking about this today?
Because when we grew up in
school, when you and I grew up
in school, we thought of this
universe as the universe.
Hard facts.
How it was created,
that's debatable.
I still haven't got my
explanation for the Big Bang.
But did you ever
think you'd be talking
about a holographic universe?
>>HOWE: The first
time that I ever
heard this was on an airliner,
flying with Budd Hopkins.
>>NOORY: The late Budd Hopkins.
>>HOWE: Goes back to 1991.
And it was that
spring, a book came out
called "The Holographic
Universe" by Michael Talbot.
>>NOORY: As a matter of fact,
since you bring that up,
let's take a look
at that right now.
>>MICHAEL TALBOT: University
of London physicist
named David Bohm, who's a
former protege of Einstein
and a Stanford University
neurophysiologist named
Karl Pribram.
And they worked independently.
Pribram was studying
memory, and found
that there's evidence that the
brain operates holographically.
And Bohm was studying
subatomic physics.
And on the subatomic level,
the fabric of reality
seems to possess properties that
are reminiscent of a hologram.
So if you put those
two ideas together,
that our brain seems
to be holographic
and the universe
is holographic, it
suggests that maybe
it's compelling evidence
that the universe may
be a kind of hologram.
Not that it's
literally a hologram,
but that it's a good metaphor,
or a way of understanding
the universe.
A hologram has an
unusual property.
If you take a piece of
photographic film that has
a holographic image
encoded in it,
that means that you cannot see
the image with your naked eye.
You have to
reconstruct the image.
You have to shine
a laser through it.
So if you have an image
of a rose in the film,
shine a laser through
the rose, you'll
get a three-dimensional image
of the rose on the other side.
If you cut that film in
half, shine the laser
through each piece,
you'll get a whole
rose out of each piece, which
is a very unusual property,
and sort of boggles the
imagination at first.
Cut it in four,
you get four roses.
Cut it in eight,
you get eight roses.
So the universe
as a hologram, it
means, as William Blake said
that quite literally, you
could find the universe
in a grain of sand.
That every portion
of the universe
contains some semblance of the
whole, of the whole universe.
>>HOWE: But now he just
said, may not be literal.
Now the physics is moving
toward literal hologram.
And what is so interesting about
that 1991 experience with Budd,
we had both been
speaking at a conference.
This book, "The Holographic
Universe" had just come out.
>>NOORY: He's passed
on now, hasn't he?
>>HOWE: He died the next year.
So he died in 1992, one year
after the book came out.
>>NOORY: Oh, gosh.
>>HOWE: And so it was
a discussion everywhere
at that conference in 1991.
When you ask, had I started
thinking about this,
it goes back to there.
So Budd and I are talking
together on the airline,
going back--
I lived in Philly, and
he lived in New York.
And he leaned over
and he said, I'm
going to tell you
something confidentially,
at the time in 1991.
He said, Michael Talbot is
one of my abductee cases.
>>NOORY: Wow.
Who would have known that?
>>HOWE: No.
Nobody.
Nobody knew then, nobody
knew for a long time
till I have started saying
this just recently on "Coast"
and at Earthfiles, and
now with a show with you,
on "Beyond Belief."
That Budd was saying
about the discussion
he had with Michael Talbot,
that the entire book,
"The Holographic Universe,"
was a telepathic download
during his experiences and
interactions with non-humans.
And he told Budd.
He said, I don't want
anybody to know this.
>>NOORY: He never
wrote that in the book.
>>HOWE: No.
And he said, I don't want
anybody to know this,
because then they won't
think the book is credible.
Because back in '91, it
was worse than any time.
>>NOORY: It was woo-woo then.
>>HOWE: Exactly.
Today, that's what's so exciting
about all of these new papers
and studies, that the
holographic universe is
increasingly--
I'm going to step out
and say, with testing,
we could learn in
the next year or two
that the evidence is that we
are in a holographic universe.
Which leads, again,
to your question,
who's doing the projecting?
Could there be
multiple projectors
between different
dimensions and universes?
Is this cosmos teeming
with advanced life
that could be doing this?
But Professor Campbell and
I both feel the same way.
There is a divine
non-matter field,
and that the key to
why this universe might
be as it is with a yin and
yang symbol as a metaphor,
darkness in the light, light
in the dark, a kind of yin
and yang, would be--
and this is his term.
Professor Campbell
thinks that this universe
was made to be an entropy
reduction trainer for souls.
And when we were
talking about that,
I was thinking of gnosticism
and Zoroastrianism, which goes
back more than 2,000 years.
>>NOORY: I'm glad you're
pronouncing these words.
>>HOWE: Well, I tell you.
I recommend to everybody to
read about Zoroastrianism
and gnosticism,
because in many ways,
it may be the key to why
anybody simulated this universe
in the first place.
And the idea is that this--
when you have entropy,
it's energy winding down.
It's why this would
be a universe where
death is the end of everything.
Stars, people, the universe.
But that there could
be many universes where
time, the vector of time, goes
to the past, and that means
there would never be death.
They would be universes
of immortality.
Why then would this be
an entropy reduction
trainer for souls?
And his-- and he's
talking as a physicist.
He says, I really do think that
what we are underestimating
is the importance
of the soul spirit
as the whole key to everything
that is on this planet.
>>NOORY: Sounds biblical.
>>HOWE: Well, it has to
do with the life force.
If, in fact, the
body containers,
whether we're talking
about ETs, humans,
anything that is organic
life in this universe,
there is a life force.
And in the first law of
thermodynamics that physicists
live by, energy
cannot be destroyed.
It is always there, reforming.
So the soul spirit of any entity
would be the consciousness
relationship to the projector.
Now we're getting into
the minds of any creature
in this universe would be the
interactor with the projector,
and that the body
containers are what
would take the soul and spirit
around in this universe.
But the whole point, the
bottom line to everything
is trying to live with
compassion, with love,
with sharing.
Not hate and greed and jealousy.
And that the more jealousy,
the more hate, the more war,
the faster the universe
runs down with entropy.
>>NOORY: Doesn't that sound
like the work of Jesus
and the same things he's trying
to impart on people then?
>>HOWE: So one of the
things that he and I
have talked about that
when I did a recording,
I put this also in my news
website earthfiles.com,
and I raised the question,
why would there be avatars?
And avatars would be
Christ and Buddha.
Why would there be avatars
in a simulated universe?
And he had the most
interesting answer.
He said, if we are in a
Cosmos with a capital C,
and the whole point
of all existence
everywhere is to evolve
the soul spirit back
toward the divine field, that
there would be dimensions where
we might call them angels.
They would be higher
frequency, they
would already have the
knowledge that we're
trying to learn
in this universe,
and that the whole cosmos would
be dedicated to evolving souls
against entropy, which is the
winding down toward death.
Almost like the whole thing
is set up for soul training.
>>NOORY: Well, I
think it has been.
>>HOWE: And if there
are, let's say,
intelligences that
we might call angels,
but they are just
advanced intelligences
in another dimension,
and they want
to help this universe dimension
and others where there's
more entropy, they might come
periodically, try to share,
look.
If you do unto others as you
would have them do unto you,
where your soul will go
at the moment of death
will be another dimensional
frequency where you will not
have the struggles that you
have in this matter world that
was designed specifically
to train souls.
>>NOORY: If all of
this is correct,
and all these
multiverses are here,
and we're all part of this
holographic or computer-staged
cosmos, how did the
first one happen?
>>HOWE: Well, it's
a good question.
I wish I had an answer.
But I mean, you're talking
about how did infinity begin?
>>NOORY: My mother, one day--
she's still going strong--
when I asked her
about all of this,
how did it start, who's
God, what is this, Mom?
What is this?
She said, Georgie, it always
was and always will be.
So my question to you is,
maybe it was always there.
Maybe there was no
creator or projector.
Maybe it was just always here.
>>HOWE: I can't comprehend that.
>>NOORY: Nor can I. I asked
her the same question.
I said, Mom, I don't get that.
How could it always be?
But I also don't
understand how something
could be from nothing.
>>HOWE: Well, come back
to the singularity.
If Jerry Wills had
an experience that
was a real insight
into a real dimension,
meaning that there is a
dimension that could create
in a lab all of the
science to test and see,
how can we make a universe
that will have life in it?
Let's say that that was the
goal in the other dimension.
And they end up having
these ingredients going,
and then it starts
going out of control,
and they try to tamp it
in in that dimension.
But it's out of their control,
and we end up a universe
in another dimension that
the act in that laboratory
created this other dimension
that this universe is in.
Jerry said that that
came into his mind
when the voice was saying
that when they saw a spark,
they saw a spark of light,
and they were so shocked.
And he said, what if that is
what we call the singularity,
and it was the moment in that
lab in another dimension that
was out of control and ended
up creating this universe?
And that is why the
male voice told Jerry,
we know all about your universe.
We tried to stop it.
But what they were shocked
by was the fact that
within a short period
of time, because they'd
been monitoring, because they
can move inter-dimensionally,
how life began to evolve so
rapidly in this universe.
That to them is the profound
mystery in that dimension,
and how life began to
evolve is a profound mystery
to our own science.
>>NOORY: When I get back to my
office and turn on my computer,
I control it.
I'm the one who is doing this.
What about this cosmos?
Who's controlling
this if we are indeed
in a simulated or
holographic universe?
There's still got to be
somebody behind it or something.
>>HOWE: That's that projector
in the other dimension that
is a big mystery, but
there's another part of this.
Professor Campbell would
say, if in fact we don't even
need the holographic
projector in light,
and if there is a dimension that
has a stream of zeros and ones,
it's already encoded,
all the ingredients
to make this universe
came in in zeros and ones
from a computer simulation,
and that that was designed
specifically for
that fine edge that
makes life possible in
this universe, that is
another one of the mysteries.
Why is this universe so
finely tuned to support life?
He thinks then that our
brain, that concept,
a holographic functioning brain
in a holographic functioning
universe, consciousness
then in this universe
becomes the prime player.
And that might explain, when
you go into quantum mechanics
and you're back down into quarks
and electrons and protons,
where they have tried
to isolate and measure
electrons and
leptons, they realize
that as soon as
they try to measure,
they're impacting
the subatomic level.
And that has been described
over and over for decades.
But that would imply that
even if we're not aware,
our minds constantly are
interacting with what
we think of as matter.
But matter is mostly
energy and space.
Our hands don't go through it
because of Planck's constant.
But essentially, you, I, the
chairs, the studio, everything,
it's energy in space.
And if the mind was made by this
other dimensional projector,
consciousness.
If consciousness is the
main ingredient which
ties into the reduction, the
entropy reduction soul trainer,
that this whole universe
was made specifically
to be this interaction between
consciousness, soul spirit,
and trying to reduce
entropy as a measurement
of the evolution of knowledge
in the soul spirit back out.
>>NOORY: As quickly
as it was turned
on, can it be turned off,
and poof, we're gone?
>>HOWE: I suppose if somebody
who's projecting or originally
projected or in the lab--
>>NOORY: Shut of the projector.
What happens?
>>HOWE: But if Jerry is right,
if that is an insight, that
means that was an experiment
that got out of control in one
dimension created another
dimension in which we
are the universe in it,
they can't shut us off.
They tried.
That means we're in
a universe that I
don't think anybody
can shut down,
at least not at the
level of the projector.
>>NOORY: Well,
that's a good thing.
[LAUGH]
>>HOWE: I hope so.
>>NOORY: How would science
ever get to the point
where they can justify what this
kind of universe is all about?
>>HOWE: That's where
all of these new
tests over the rest of this year
and next year, they're really
going to try to
get more data that
is going to either say,
the holographic universe,
this is it, this is
the answer, we're
in a holographic universe.
And there will still be those
questions that you're asking.
Who's doing the projection?
>>NOORY: Can they shut it off?
>>HOWE: Yeah.
But how many layers of
projectors might there be?
And the bigger question
is, if the divine field
has no matter, is the alpha
to the omega has no beginning,
as you were talking
with your mom,
but produced all these universes
and dimensions in which
there is a vector of time.
So it's a very
strange juxtaposition.
If you have a divine field
that goes from the alpha
to the omega, and there
is no beginning or end,
but it can produce frequencies,
and the frequencies can
be matter and light and
energy, and that they
can exist like the chord
notes so that you could have
an infinite number of
different frequencies
and different universes
and different dimensions,
you still have
that huge question,
will the infinity continue
to keep expanding?
This universe may
contract on itself
or keep expanding forever.
That's still a debate.
Well, if all those
other universes
are contracting or
expanding, the size of space
almost becomes meaningless.
And you come back
to the interaction
that once you are in the
whole realm of consciousness,
and you can ask this question,
who are we, who are they,
what is the projector, is there
an overarching God or divine
field, and is the
whole goal of all of it
training for these
souls to return
to the divine field, what would
happen to everything if it
occurred that all
souls chose willfully
to go back to the divine field?
Would that suddenly--
[CLICK]
--that would be the end?
>>NOORY: If you look
at Genesis in the Bible
as a template for what you've
been talking about today,
and look at that, it
makes a lot of sense.
It really does.
And I think a lot of people
need to go back and look at that
and read that.
>>HOWE: "In the beginning
was the Word" with a capital
W. The Word is sound.
The Word is frequency.
"In the beginning was the Word."
Without frequency,
we have no matter.
It's the presence of frequency.
And the frequencies,
for people who
have studied crop
formations, for example,
and you get into fractals--
>>NOORY: Or moving
the pyramid blocks.
>>HOWE: Well, that's
neutralizing gravity.
But the fractals,
when you look out
into the universe and
the holographic universe,
or even the universe
of consciousness,
and you examine, how has
this universe evolved,
and what do galaxies look like,
and what do energy systems look
like in relationship
to each other,
you find fractal
patterns everywhere,
as if there is some
sort of a template
that everything in
this universe would
evolve in cycles and spirals
and cycles and spirals.
And there comes one of the
more interesting discussions
that I had with an
abductee once who
said that he was
shown that we are
in a cluster of 10 universes.
We haven't discovered the other
nine, that we exist in pairs.
Five pairs, 10 universes.
And we are in a universe
where electrons are positively
charged and protons are--
the electrons negative
and the protons positive,
and go into the
universe next door,
and it's exactly the opposite.
Everything is the opposite.
And that at the moment of death
in this universe, the tunnel
that people have talked about,
he calls it a charge change.
It's a physics, that the soul
spirit has to change charge,
and goes into this
other universe
where the vector of
time goes to the past.
You can't break anything.
You can't destroy anything.
And everything in that universe
gets younger and younger
and younger, and recycles
into this universe
where entropy is in charge
and energy goes down.
And it raises a question
about, if in fact there
are universes in clusters,
were they designed specifically
for the recycling of matter
going through the universes
and out of the
matter worlds, then
would come other frequencies
where matter may not dominate.
And that may or may not be what
the so-called angelic realm--
meaning the word angel,
angelo, messenger,
it could be that the
angelic interactions
with our planet
for centuries has
been quite literally
intelligences
in this whole layer of all these
dimensions and universes where
they already understand
everything in the matter
worlds.
They don't have to be
in the matter worlds.
And they interact with the
matter worlds, trying to help.
We literally do
have helpers and we
have messengers from
some of these dimensions
where the zeros and ones
would still be at work,
and information
and consciousness
would all be interacting.
But if you are
freed from matter,
the frequency of matter, which
is hard for the matter world
to understand, then that
might be the angelic realms.
And that's where, when you
go back into biblical text
and you talk Enoch saying,
two very tall beings
with glowing faces came and
said they wanted to show him
the seven levels of Heaven--
>>NOORY: Which could be
part of these dimensions.
>>HOWE: Exactly.
Seven notes.
Seven frequencies.
>>NOORY: What about Hell?
Where was Hell-- where
does that fit into this?
>>HOWE: Well, in
the Enoch story,
one of the reasons why the
Book of Enoch was knocked out
of the assembly of the Bible
at the Council of Nicaea was
because Enoch said that
these two tall beings--
he thought they were angels.
They could have been
extraterrestrials today.
They had glowing faces.
In the second Heaven,
which in our discussion
would be a second note--
>>NOORY: Universe.
>>HOWE: --a second
frequency, evil
was contained as if
punished, as if kept,
that there was a second
Heaven dedicated just
to encapsulating evil.
>>NOORY: Linda, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>HOWE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Great information.
I've always wondered
about whether we
lived in a simulated
universe, and maybe we do.
Linda's work, of course,
you can watch on Gaia
at "Truth Hunter," or go to
her website, earthfiles.com.
She's got great
information about stories
like this and so many more.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]